[Docs Site] Refactor ResourcesBySelector (#23423)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/style-guide/components/resources-by-selector.mdx

import { ResourcesBySelector } from "~/components";

<ResourcesBySelector
	directory="workers/examples/"
	types={["example"]}
	filters={["languages", "tags"]}
/>
```

### Inputs

> - `types` <Type text="string[]" />

Reviewer: Directory && filter are missing here.

import { ResourcesBySelector } from "~/components";

<ResourcesBySelector
	directory="workers/examples/"
	types={["example"]}
	filterables={["languages", "tags"]}
/>
```

### Inputs

- `directory` <Type text="string" />

  The directory to search for resources in, relative to `src/content/docs/`. For example, for Workers tutorials, `directory="workers/tutorials/"`.

- `filterables` <Type text="string[]" />

  An array of frontmatter properties to show in the frontend filter dropdown. For example, `filterables={["languages", "tags"]}` will allow users to filter based on each pages `languages` and `tags` frontmatter.

- `types` <Type text="string[]" />

>   An array of `pcx_content_type` values to filter by. For example, `types={["example"]}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An array of `pcx_content_type` values to filter which content gets pulled into the component. For example, `types={["example"]}`.
```

- `tags` <Type text="string[]" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   An array of `tags` values to filter by. For example, `tags={["AI"]}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An array of `tags` values to filter which content gets pulled into the component. For example, `tags={["AI"]}`.
```

  To see a list of the available tags, and which pages are associated with them, refer to [this list](/style-guide/frontmatter/tags/).

- `products` <Type text="string[]" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   An array of `products` values to filter by. For example, `products={["D1"]}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An array of `products` values to filter which content gets pulled into the component. For example, `products={["D1"]}`.
```
